README.md, before:

# Notes

A bidirectional note taking app inspired by Roam Research.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Setting up a GraphQL server

To set up a Hasura GraphQL API + Postgres database (with correct schema) on Heroku's free tier, first follow the one click deploy [here](https://hasura.io/docs/1.0/graphql/manual/getting-started/heroku-simple.html).

After the Heroku app has finished deploying, click the 'View' button. Your GraphQL endpoint will be listed at the top of the 'GraphiQL' tab.

Create an `api.js` file in `src/`:

```
touch src/api.js
echo 'export const uri = <YOUR_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT>;' > src/api.js
```

Finally, copy the correct schema to your Postgres database:

`heroku pg:backups:restore https://notes-schema.s3.amazonaws.com/latest.dump DATABASE --app <YOUR_HEROKU_APP_NAME>`

Commit message:

fixes bug with selecting link value from tooltip, adds redirect to make Netlify <==> SPA

README.md, after:

# Notes

A bidirectional note taking app inspired by Roam Research. [Live demo](https://linked-notes.netlify.app/)

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Setting up a GraphQL server

To set up a Hasura GraphQL API + Postgres database (with correct schema) on Heroku's free tier, first follow the one click deploy [here](https://hasura.io/docs/1.0/graphql/manual/getting-started/heroku-simple.html).

After the Heroku app has finished deploying, click the 'View' button. Your GraphQL endpoint will be listed at the top of the 'GraphiQL' tab.

Next, create an `api.js` file in `src/` with that endpoint:

```
touch src/api.js
echo 'export const uri = <YOUR_GRAPHQL_ENDPOINT>;' > src/api.js
```

Finally, copy the correct schema to your Postgres database:

`heroku pg:backups:restore https://notes-schema.s3.amazonaws.com/latest.dump DATABASE --app <YOUR_HEROKU_APP_NAME>`

## Deployment

If you'd like to deploy your app, Netlify is a great option:

```
npm run build
netlify deploy
```
